I didn't expect this dim lord to have some character
Took the money
It really abolished the corgi
40 million taels for this piece of paper
It's a big loss
Hey, brother Wang
This wooden pot should be kept longer.
What do you mean?
As long as you are in the control of our Dharma Master
It won't take 10 years
We
You can recover the 40 million yuan with interest
Right, haha.
Old Master is not good
The emperor decreed
Recruiting scholars from all over the country to take the civil service exam
What a fool
Dare you play with me?
You don't believe what you say
Return the money to us.
Talk with reason.
When did I break my word?
Why are you going to open a school when you get our money?
Who opened the imperial examination world?
Say it and I will punish them
Isn't this civil service exam just an entrance exam?
What is the entrance examination?
Four Books and Five Classics, right?
What is my civil service exam?
Miracle Silver Bridge
It's completely irrelevant.
Junjun, you are making excuses
I make excuses
We put it in black and white.
The two points can be written clearly
You are paying to abolish the imperial examination
I now know that the imperial examination has been abolished
How can you break your promise?
Haojun
You are going to fight the Menfal clan hard steel to the end